Add notes for Chocolatey CLI 2.2.2 (#805)
chocolatey/docs: input/en-us/choco/release-notes.md

<?! Include "../../shared/chocolatey-component-dependencies-link.txt" /?>

## 2.2.2 (August 8, 2023)

> :choco-warning: **WARNING**
>

> > In the Chocolatey CLI v2.2.0 release, a problem was introduced which means that it is not possible to upgrade a package when there is a related dependency on a package that only has pre-release package versions. This problem is fixed in the issue within this milestone, however, if you are in the situation described in this issue, it will be necessary for you to first uninstall the package that only has pre-release versions available, then upgrade to the latest v2.2.2 version of Chocolatey CLI, and then re-install the package that was uninstalled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> There is a bug in Chocolatey CLI v2.2.0 that prevents upgrading if you have a package dependency that only has pre-release versions. If you receive the error `Object reference not set to an instance of an object ` please uninstall the package that only has pre-release versions available, upgrade Chocolatey CLI, and re-install the package that was uninstalled.

This [bug has been fixed](https://github.com/chocolatey/choco/issues/3292) in this release of Chocolatey CLI.
```

>  :choco-warning: **WARNING**
>
> Refer to our [Upgrade Guide](https://docs.chocolatey.org/en-us/guides/upgrading-to-chocolatey-v2-v6) for recommendations before upgrading from 1.x versions to 2.x.

### Bug Fix

> - Fix - Unable to upgrade a package if the package parent only contains pre-release package versions - see [#3292](https://github.com/chocolatey/choco/issues/3292).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix - Unable to upgrade a package if a dependency only contains pre-release package versions - see [#3292](https://github.com/chocolatey/choco/issues/3292).
```
